{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red34\green45\blue53;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c17647\c23137\c27059;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19040\viewh13800\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 How well does the game accomplish what you set out to do?
\b0 \
\
My goal was to make puzzles that make players think. It does a very good job of forcing the player to be aware of the security guard\'92s movement. The puzzles are a little challenging, but it is doable if you read all the details. \
\

\b Discuss a time when you got stuck, and how you got unstuck.
\b0 \
\
I had a difficult time writing a code to make the security guard walk around the map. I contacted Mrs. Kiang, and she taught me how to make a table that tells the guard where to move. I learned a lot about making tables and character movement from this experience.\
\

\b Describe each of three puzzles in your game and how to solve each puzzle (can be pasted in from your Checkpoints.)\
\

\b0 The first puzzle is trying to avoid the guard. The guard walks around the prison in a circular path, so his movement is predictable. Whenever he comes near you, you need to escape to another room or hide in one of the cells.\
\
The second puzzle is a pin code puzzle. You need a PIN number to unlock the door to access other parts of the prison. Both clues are located in the security room, but the clues don\'92t just give you the answer. The arrow pointing from right to left implies that the code is written backwards, so the player must enter the number backwards in order to unlock the door.\
\
The last puzzle involves doing something to trigger the janitor to come. There\'92s a plate in the cafeteria that the player must break in order for the janitor to come. The janitor comes from the storage room, so making a mess causes the janitor to open the storage door and give the player access to the storage room.
\b \
\
Discuss the gameplay mechanics in your game and how they improve the user's experience.\
\

\b0 I think the puzzles and various rooms really add to the story. It shows how complex a prison could be,and adds to the experience of trying escape from it.  
\b \
\
Discuss the beta testing process: Who tested your game?\'a0\
\

\b0 My classmates, sixth graders, and my younger brother tested the game. I looked for specific actions that they tried to attempt that I did not include in my code. I also looked for any bugs that prevented the player to progress and win. I wrote down all the feedback and observation on my notebook. 
\b \
\
How did their feedback affect your game?\'a0\
\

\b0 Many of them had a hard time keeping track of where they were and visualizing the map. I tried making specific text bold to make it easier for players to see important information like the security guard\'92s location.
\b \
\
Whose game did you beta test?\'a0\
\

\b0 I beta tested Gunner\'92s game. The game was about a player was trying to escape from pirates.
\b \
\
What feedback were you able to give?\
\

\b0 I told him that he should add more synonyms for specific verbs, so the game understands when the player is trying to do something. One example is the grappling hook that had to be hooked in order for the player to climb a wall. Adding more synonyms will make the game more flexible, because you\'92re not restricted to using one word.
\b \
\
What are you most proud of?\
\

\b0 I\'92m most proud of the security guard movement. I like that puzzle because I never saw other puzzle using this mechanic. I just had an idea of NPCs moving around and came up with that puzzle.
\b \
\
What would you do differently next time?\
\

\b0 I would add more descriptions and scenery into the game to add more depth to the game. I feel like some of the rooms are lacking some descriptions that could add to the imagination of the player. 
\b \
\
}